Create SECURITY.MD (#58)
ospo-nl/kennisbank: docs/SECURITY.MD

# Responsible Disclosure Statement

The security of our systems is top priority. No  matter how much effort we put into system security, there might be  vulnerabilities present. If you discover a vulnerability, we would like  to know about it so we can take steps to address it. We would like to  ask you to help us protect our users and our systems.

## Please do the following:

Submit your findings via the Dutch Government GOV-CERT:

        https://www.ncsc.nl/contact/kwetsbaarheid-melden

> And reference the "<Add organisation here>, Security response" in your report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And reference the "MinBZK/CIO-office github security response" in your report.
```
